today I decided to show you new hiding places on
battlefield bad company 2
this hiding place is on the comet
montpellier with me I took you
3-1
I do not have more than two and a half months of absence
I feel like I'm flying
so you actually explain that I could have stayed on rock all ugly and
wider side
what a lot of people do
but for the jury to actually decide to jump on the warehouse
because I can I'm dressed with leaves and create flaws a
on the tree and that so and there like that I am camouflage jérôme see me and
it's better that's where he can not
gold is really a hiding place for factors but then
name of a wooden pipe what argos his shawl from here they hide
the southern enemies it is unbearable especially that more in this map the
enemies tend to divide said so it's hard to reach them then
me what I advise you is
before you start killing people
all already have everything
mow the lawn we fuck the protected species for whom these trees
his habitat
first of all, what more is she gratuitous she stings they are wicked it's
very good to kill them golan me I say alive apart from the virgin forests on
should overtake in napalm that's how we could leave quietly
finally sea so we can even further than quietly today
it really is
I worry about the future of the society really
so it's a lot better like that when you're at
more to wear in the facts and more seriously you would have never had the
time to do stuff like that
it was really a plus to say it
so we have what to do is obviously to break the broken trees
the coming hours the most tonic it befits to look good on the ground
donkalor here it is there I went on a server so already I want to
make a joke against the people who m
in their brains hours because their course and in fact their servers
being understood all
and percent I find that these people the American mortal clearly
frankly we're really fed up with falling on crappy servers like
that with them
she was with that calmed
in europe 600 supporters so be wary of people who hold a brain
kisi slope then there
we realize then that the match was not bad when mom because he
are five or six people in the middle of the point to a person saw me
on the other hand you also find was very very bad because you did
many diseases still made some armed frags
you'll be better than me, that's for sure, will you use my hiding place
from this point tears as we see a little bit the whole map and that this tablecloth is more
great that the mud does not alter in my previous video
the fees of very very pretty and jump distance you know this charter
which gives a lot of weight
that's why it's great to see the point in the little eclipse we know
it's not bad
and then then marc boyer see there the kind of barrier barriers
metal
the active and the pragiest prague of all the party poutine good there it is the
the most gay frac here
I'm sorry I'm not proud here
CCTC
it is the most beautiful frac of the party to watch
here he is just a little head over he is perfect
in Toulouse the points I had to be very proud of and I believe that
you can congratulate me in the comments
so unfortunately all the good things when I did a dozen
prague and that's my last
to afp because why because just after I stood
Sadly
because this failure is not perfect it is very good but not perfect
can hope
not all in May once